dog I never had a word get dr. oh god my
guy really needs to heal I look man I
look like I'm in a horror film oh it
will have to blow kiss Oh God locusts
will never be gone it must remain yeah
it must remember yeah fuck of it belt
you're gonna get destroyed and that big
thing you're done will be relic what the
hell a a lot of bibby just going on I
think there's some custom bitches in
here
I don't even get my custom map that I
probably should
oh yeah get other ways to KY oh I am
really good at driving up the mountain
just what I am now your music up oh I
see oh I see we're in the turbines LBJ
oh noes barbary my playa all I'm hearing
is relic honking it's all i hear oh it's
you know Tim it I stopped at honker
No
coo coo this is hot contested right here
I can't even hear my horn yeah DJ gets
off it's black on white crime up here in
the front
dang it DJ's customers bitless are the
catch Oh No so there's a way off the
mountain right there
hello guys
read all right all right man my Fabio
buddy gone oh where am I going oh my god
I forgot it no I didn't oh okay hugs
okay there we go whoa oh god that's not
a big
wow how many fourth is a second is
saturd alive in front of you at the bar
yeah but I pass you and it didn't change
and then I went back oh wow relic you
did that was like the slowest motion
rollover I've ever seen though oh
there's the place to go there's
definitely someone in front it has
missed a checkpoint I think love me ok
ok I see I'm like this summer up there
I'm pretty sure that's why i was
confused oh god oh god it jump oh god
let me show oh god oh god is great man
no I you breathe like an electronic it
frozen oh my god oh my god oh my god oh
my god oh my god the flower parade oh my
god that Paul oh my god is a troll pole
right there free I missed the part time
that means the way we're playing it out
is that I'm Way back here tomorrow ah
tree thank you are not friendly not
friendly audience no friendly Oh God
goodbye you're gonna die
I'm still a second I don't care a lot
it's easy to get lost right here now oh
if I fall get it go get Evan I didn't
even mean to do that I came out my love
I can't fight this thing it's huge I
can't fight it oh wait well okay I gave
up trying to use a mold oh my god there
we go this is a close race tho except
for DJ who's like a thousand miles in
front be careful there yeah the most
perfect my children
around the clock
yeah I broke up for her ok
that's a shortcut right there shortcut
I want to go off the mat right don't
want to go off bacon I didn't I just
made it home all hope you thick
so easy to go flying off before I break
brakes brakes after God to write it
I'm on losing it all right here we go
finish Oh God keep it under control keep
it under control picked up against ah
tree oh the stupid pole win with what I
finish you went right to it was pretty
close race toe second through fifth no
one yet yeah